contents/docs/getting-started/introduction/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: This section provides an overview of AriaDocs.
---

Welcome to **Winzilla**! This template provides a modern, flexible, and user-friendly foundation for creating engaging documentation. Whether you're building a knowledge base, project docs, or a personal blog, AriaDocs makes it easy to set up and scale.

## Open Source Philosophy

AriaDocs is proudly **open-source**! 🎉 We believe in creating an accessible, collaborative platform that thrives on community contributions.

<Note title="Contribute">
  Interested in helping us improve? Check out our [GitHub
  repository](https://github.com/your-repo) to get started! From feature
  suggestions to bug fixes, all contributions are welcome.
</Note>

## Project Overview

**AriaDocs** is more than just a documentation template. It's a **complete toolkit** designed for modern web development. Key features include:

- **Markdown & MDX Support:** Easily write documentation in Markdown, with the option to include interactive components via MDX.
- **Customizable Themes:** Designed with a minimalist ShadCN-inspired theme that’s easy to style.
- **SEO-Optimized:** Each page is SEO-ready, ensuring search engines can find and rank your content.
- **Interactive Code Blocks:** Beautifully styled, language-specific code blocks for an enhanced reading experience.

### Key Features

| **Feature**                     | **Description**                                       |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| MDX Support                     | Write interactive documentation with MDX.             |
| Nested Pages                    | Organize content in a nested, hierarchical structure. |
| blog Section                    | Include a dedicated blog section.                     |
| Pagination                      | Split content across multiple pages.                  |
| Syntax Highlighting             | Highlight code for better readability.                |
| Code Line Highlighting & Titles | Highlight specific lines with descriptive titles.     |
| Interactive Code Blocks         | Language-specific and interactive code display.       |
| Custom Markdown Components      | Embed custom, reusable components in your docs.       |
| Static Site Generation          | Generate a static, high-performance site.             |
| SEO-Optimized                   | Structured for optimal search engine indexing.        |

## Technology & Libraries

AriaDocs leverages cutting-edge technologies to ensure performance and flexibility:

- **Next.js 14** - The powerful React framework optimized for production.
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first styling for quick, clean designs.
- **Shadcn-UI** - Elegant, accessible components for a polished look.
- **next-mdx-remote** - Enables MDX support for dynamic, interactive Markdown content.

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

You can deploy your project by clicking [Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/nisabmohd/Aria-Docs)

Commit message:

Enhance layout with a new decorative background element and improve text descriptions for clarity. Remove unused CopyableScript component and refine theme toggle options with additional themes.

contents/docs/getting-started/introduction/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: This section provides an overview of Peanut Foundry.
---

Welcome to **Peanut Foundry**! This playful, modern, and comprehensive wiki/documentation site is powered by Next.js and TailwindCSS. It features a beautiful, accessible UI, glassmorphism, hand-drawn accents, and a unique mascot: **Anya Forger** from Spy x Family.

## Open Source Philosophy

Peanut Foundry is proudly **open-source**! 🎉 We believe in creating an accessible, collaborative platform that thrives on community contributions.

<Note title="Contribute">
  Interested in helping us improve? Check out our [GitHub
  repository](https://github.com/ctrlcat0x/peanutfoundry) to get started! From feature
  suggestions to bug fixes, all contributions are welcome.
</Note>

## Project Overview

**Peanut Foundry** is more than just a documentation template. It's a **complete toolkit** designed for modern web development and playful knowledge sharing. Key features include:

- **Markdown & MDX Support:** Easily write documentation in Markdown, with the option to include interactive components via MDX.
- **Customizable Themes:** Beautiful, accessible, and playful themes inspired by modern open-source docs.
- **SEO-Optimized:** Each page is SEO-ready, ensuring search engines can find and rank your content.
- **Interactive Code Blocks:** Beautifully styled, language-specific code blocks for an enhanced reading experience.

### Key Features

| **Feature**                     | **Description**                                       |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| MDX Support                     | Write interactive documentation with MDX.             |
| Nested Pages                    | Organize content in a nested, hierarchical structure. |
| Blog Section                    | Include a dedicated blog section.                     |
| Pagination                      | Split content across multiple pages.                  |
| Syntax Highlighting             | Highlight code for better readability.                |
| Code Line Highlighting & Titles | Highlight specific lines with descriptive titles.     |
| Interactive Code Blocks         | Language-specific and interactive code display.       |
| Custom Markdown Components      | Embed custom, reusable components in your docs.       |
| Static Site Generation          | Generate a static, high-performance site.             |
| SEO-Optimized                   | Structured for optimal search engine indexing.        |

## Technology & Libraries

Peanut Foundry leverages cutting-edge technologies to ensure performance and flexibility:

- **Next.js** - The powerful React framework optimized for production.
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first styling for quick, clean designs.
- **Shadcn-UI** - Elegant, accessible components for a polished look.
- **next-mdx-remote** - Enables MDX support for dynamic, interactive Markdown content.

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

You can deploy your project by clicking [Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/ctrlcat0x/peanutfoundry)
